hey y'all okay so I wanted to show y'all
a really quick mommy makeup that you can
do I'm gonna try to do it with his less
with his like the least amount of
products that I can but still getting
the same effect as you know like you at
least put some effort into your look
that morning
okay so the first thing that I would do
I wonder how long this is actually gonna
take me to do anyway it's the first
thing that I would do is actually like
put on my contacts because I can't see
Jack diddly when I do this so this is a
Neutrogena it's kind of old but its
gradual face I love Neutrogena products
so that's the other reason to have this
my moisturizer so just a little bit and
you're just gonna put it all over the
face this is the Revlon Colorstay and so
far I'm loving it to avoid the hassle of
brushes use your fingers make sure when
you're putting this on blend it back
into your hairline so you don't have
that line do not stop here if you if
anything else just put on something else
next thing that I'm gonna do is my eyes
I'm gonna show you these products
because I they do work and I recommend
them if you're like just needing to be
like on the go kind of thing this is by
hard candy I'm sure there's other things
that have the double in there you only
need two colors and if you get a lighter
color and a dark color then it works
perfectly and you that's the only two
colors that you need this one is called
high-maintenance so I'm going to use
this brush this brush only for my eye
shadow you're going to take this darker
color first and just kind of tap it in
you don't need you know a lot off the
excess and you're just going to put this
on your crease and just kind of it's not
even you don't really even have to like
just kind of put it on your crease for
now
and what I do is I actually blend it up
a lot of people ask me this I start from
here and then I bring it all the way to
here to where the end of my eyebrow is
and then I bring it up and I leave this
area right here completely bare I don't
know why I do that lighter color just
dip it in drop off the excess put this
all over your lid and as well as you're
putting it in your lid you're gonna put
it right here on that inner tear-duct
you can also put it right here where
that little triangle you left and it can
be your highlight color and you are done
with your eyes that's pretty spectacular
isn't it mmm the next thing that I'm
going to do you can actually skip this
ooh-whoo blurring out on me
you can actually skip this step if you
just don't care to do this step Revlon
Colorstay and this one is in brown I
believe Oh black brown I'm sorry I'm
gonna keep it on the outside does not
have to be perfect just like that
and then you kind of smush it with your
finger the next thing that you would put
on would be your mascara and I'm gonna
use my L'Oreal voluminous that I knew
pull your eyelashes towards your nose
that way it'll give you more of an open
appearance as opposed to the whole long
elongated because that's not what we're
going for I showed you how to do the
eyes with one brush let me show you how
to do the face with one brush this dude
is a big powder brush is technically
what it is supposed to be but you can
use it for anything and what you want to
do is get a light pink color this color
actually goes with every single skin
tone no matter what doesn't doesn't
matter what color you are so you just
get a little bit and you're gonna put
this right here hi do you need to get in
here anyway they can't see you so you're
good just don't talk following you
better be folded all these again and
putting them back make for a good like
okay you know wait going just going you
just totally ruined
I just did my blush and nobody know I
pay attention so after that you really
don't have to do anything else but put
on lip gloss or chapstick and go but if
you have bad circles or you just have
discoloration that you don't like grab a
concealer and you're gonna Pat this in
with your finger do your ring finger so
that it's not as much you're not pulling
as hard with any of the other fingers if
you did the concealer is a powder same
brush just get a little bit and you're
just gonna put this all over your face
you're just setting your makeup at this
point you can take this eyeshadow again
this is the high-maintenance one and
that lighter shade same face brush just
just a little bit and you're gonna put
this right on top
cheekbones down her nose on your
forehead and tougher upper lip tougher
lip and this will be your highlight
I used the protect if my lips get any
kind of sunburn I actually will get a
fever blister and I don't like them so
I'm protecting these bad boys and then
just a light pink lip gloss and you're
done totally done it's like a wake up
makeup if you just needed to be out the
door and on your way this is wake up
makeup it's technically what I do if I
just need to be somewhere like the
grocery store and I don't want to really
get all dolled up that day this is what
I do and half the time I kind of skipped
the whole foundation step and just put
on the concealer under my eyes the blush
and then everything else and it works
just as good so anyway I hope y'all
enjoyed this and I'll put pictures at
the beginning and after of what this
looks like and I think that's it so
thanks bye guys
you